Develop Portfolio Applications on Your 
PC with:

  *  Portfolio emulation on your PC,

    *  Source level debugging,

      *  Full screen text editor,

        *  Interactive graphics, and

          *  Single stepping of code.

All of the tools you will need for 
Portfolio code development with 
the PowerBASIC Development System.

The PowerBASIC Development System 
provides a complete emulation of the 
Portfolio on your PC.  Now you can see 
what your program will look like on an 
emulation of the screen when you port 
it to the Portfolio. 

There are pull-down menus, a powerful 
WordStar-compatible text editor, a 
context-sensitive help system, and a 
source-level debugger to make 
programming easier.   You can 
instantly compile and run or single-
step your Portfolio code on a desktop 
PC and take advantage of the increased 
memory and disk capacity in order to 
create more complex code.  

Once you have created and verified a 
program on the PC, the PowerBASIC 
Development System will generate a 
stand-alone .COM or .RUN file. Then it 
is ready to be transferred to the 
Portfolio for execution.  

The PowerBASIC Development System also 
extends the PowerBASIC language far
beyond what is possible in a palmtop 
environment.  You can easily have the 
power of a desktop PC in your pocket 
with the combination of the PowerBASIC 
Development System and your Portfolio.  
The PowerBASIC Development System 
includes: 

* Additional data types: Binary-Coded 
  Decimal fixed- and floating-point
  (to offer unmatched 18-digit
  accuracy in financial calculations),
  Extended-precision (80-bit) floating 
  point, Quad-word (64-bit) integer,
  and Long (32-bit) integer

* "Flex" strings and arrays to 
  construct user-defined dynamic data 
  structures at will, during the 
  execution of a program

* Dynamic arrays, as well as local and 
  static variables and non-scalar
  SUB/function parameters, for 
  efficient code generation and memory
  usage

* Arrays and strings to take advantage 
  of all available memory

* Complete set of application-oriented 
  string manipulation functions: 
  VERIFY, REMOVE, REPLACE, EXTRACT, 
  TALLY, LTRIM, RTRIM, REPEAT, and 
  many more

* MINimum and MAXimum value functions 
  which work with both numeric and 
  string data types

* Powerful array manipulation 
  statements which work with both
  numeric and string data types: 
  ARRAY SORT, ARRAY SCAN, ARRAY INSERT, 
  and ARRAY DELETE

* Modular programming with separate 
  compilation and linking of source 
  code modules to create "units" of 
  compiled routines which can be used 
  with many programs, making it easy 
  to collect "libraries" of proven, 
  reusable code

* Assembly code or object code links 
  from other language compilers into 
  programs using industry-standard 
  .OBJ object modules

* Efficient block memory access with 
  PEEK, PEEKI, PEEKL, PEEK$, POKE, 
  POKEI, POKEL, and POKE$ to move 
  blocks of data around in memory 
  rapidly

If you are interested in getting more 
information about the PowerBASIC 
Development System for the desktop PC, 
please complete the information 
request section on the PowerBASIC 
registration card and return it to:  

Spectra Publishing
1030 D East Duane Ave.
Sunnyvale, CA 94086.
