README.md, before:

# Atari Portfolio Mass Media Shell Program Demo
 This is a demo of a mass media shell for the Atari Portolio

Ok this is how you run the program if you want the real thing.
For now place the followingtwo directories on a zip disk
that has been formatted fat-12 32 MB, on drive E of the 3 
partitions that you will format. 

Of all of the files in the port directory , you only need two 
directories and that is as follows:

e:\port\adr\
e:\port\animat\

Those are the only two that you need for now, put the pbrun.run
file on drive A: card, and the 5 com files (pfshell.com, adr.com,
adrdemo.com , animat.com and animdemo.com) on drive A: card.

Write protect the card befor running as it only reads the card, 
and is not supposed to write to it.

Run the program pfshell.com and select "D" for Demo unless you 
already have a zip drive and specially prepared zip disk in it
with files accessable through Drive [E].

It may take me at least a month to finish he entire public domain
library, I include the source code (spagetti code unfortunately),
but quite workable.

I tried structured programming on the Atari Portolio with Power 
Basic, but there are too many things and syntax code to follow.

Written in Power Basic for The Atari Portfolio. Russ

Commit message:

Added more documentation for the program itself.
Corrected some typos and added more concise documentation for the program.

README.md, after:

# Atari Portfolio Mass Media Shell Program Demo
 This is a demo of a mass media shell for the Atari Portolio

Ok this is how you run the program if you want the real thing.
For now place the following two directories on a zip disk
that has been formatted fat-12 32 MB, on drive E of the 3 
partitions that you will format. 

Of all of the files in the port directory , you only need two 
directories and that is as follows:

e:\port\adr\
e:\port\animat\

Those are the only two that you need for now, put the pbrun.run
file on drive A: card, and the 5 com files (pfshell.com, adr.com,
adrdemo.com , animat.com and animdemo.com) on drive A: card.

Write protect the card before running as it only reads the card, 
and is not supposed to write to it.

Run the program pfshell.com and select "D" for Demo unless you 
already have a zip drive and specially prepared zip disk in it
with files accessable through Drive [E].

It may take me at least a month to finish the entire public domain
library, I include the source code (spagetti code unfortunately),
but quite workable.

I tried structured programming on the Atari Portolio with Power 
Basic, but there are too many things and too much syntax code to follow
so unfortunately I have to use spagetti coding to keep the source
compatable with other basic languages should I decide to make a PC
version of my shell for running Atari Portfolio PC programs or displaying
the documentation of each PC file.

Written in Power Basic for The Atari Portfolio. Russ
